packages/djangoflow_analytics/djangoflow_firebase_analytics/README.md, before:

<!--
This README describes the package. If you publish this package to pub.dev,
this README's contents appear on the landing page for your package.

For information about how to write a good package README, see the guide for
[writing package pages](https://dart.dev/guides/libraries/writing-package-pages).

For general information about developing packages, see the Dart guide for
[creating packages](https://dart.dev/guides/libraries/create-library-packages)
and the Flutter guide for
[developing packages and plugins](https://flutter.dev/developing-packages).
-->

TODO: Put a short description of the package here that helps potential users
know whether this package might be useful for them.

## Features

TODO: List what your package can do. Maybe include images, gifs, or videos.

## Getting started

TODO: List prerequisites and provide or point to information on how to
start using the package.

## Usage

TODO: Include short and useful examples for package users. Add longer examples
to `/example` folder.

```dart
const like = 'sample';
```

## Additional information

TODO: Tell users more about the package: where to find more information, how to
contribute to the package, how to file issues, what response they can expect
from the package authors, and more.

Commit message:

[djangoflow_firebase_analytics] prepare for release

packages/djangoflow_analytics/djangoflow_firebase_analytics/README.md, after:

# djangoflow_firebase_analytics

djangoflow_firebase_analytics is a library built on top of the `analytics` and `firebase_analytics` packages for Flutter. It provides an easy and organized way to implement Firebase Analytics for your Flutter apps.

## Features

- Events: Logging Firebase App events with parameters and value to sum.
- User Properties Removal: Removing user ID and all user data.
- User Properties Update: Updating user properties such as email, first name, last name, user ID.

## Note

Please make sure to follow the guides by `firebase_analytics` [see the documentation](https://firebase.flutter.dev/docs/messaging/overview)

## Usage

To use this library, you will need to add the following dependencies to your pubspec.yaml file:

```yaml
dependencies:
djangoflow_firebase_analytics: <latest_version>
djangoflow_analytics: <latest_version>
firebase_analytics: <latest_version>
```

After that run `flutter pub get` to install them.
You can then import the library and use it in your code:

```dart
import 'package:djangoflow_firebase_analytics/djangoflow_firebase_analytics.dart';
```

You will need to initialize the library and add the `FirebaseAnalyticEventSender`, `FirebaseUserPropertyRemover` and `FirebaseUserPropertyUpdater` to the `DjangoflowAnalytics` instance from `djangoflow_analytics` package.

You can then use the `DjangoflowAnalytics.instance.performAction` method to send data to Firebase Analytics.

Please find more details regarding it on `djangoflow_analytics` [package](https://pub.dev/packages/djangoflow_analytics).

## Contribution

We would love to have your help in making Djangoflow Firebase Analytics better. If you are interested in contributing to the project, please check out the contribution guidelines.
