packages/djangoflow_deep_link/djangoflow_deep_link_interface/README.md, before:

<!--
This README describes the package. If you publish this package to pub.dev,
this README's contents appear on the landing page for your package.

For information about how to write a good package README, see the guide for
[writing package pages](https://dart.dev/guides/libraries/writing-package-pages).

For general information about developing packages, see the Dart guide for
[creating packages](https://dart.dev/guides/libraries/create-library-packages)
and the Flutter guide for
[developing packages and plugins](https://flutter.dev/developing-packages).
-->

TODO: Put a short description of the package here that helps potential users
know whether this package might be useful for them.

## Features

TODO: List what your package can do. Maybe include images, gifs, or videos.

## Getting started

TODO: List prerequisites and provide or point to information on how to
start using the package.

## Usage

TODO: Include short and useful examples for package users. Add longer examples
to `/example` folder.

```dart
const like = 'sample';
```

## Additional information

TODO: Tell users more about the package: where to find more information, how to
contribute to the package, how to file issues, what response they can expect
from the package authors, and more.

Commit message:

[djangoflow_deep_link] updat LICENSE and README

packages/djangoflow_deep_link/djangoflow_deep_link_interface/README.md, after:

# Djangoflow deep-link extraction and listening interface.

This package provides interface to implement handling deep-link in flutter applications.

## Features

It provides two main interfaces

- `DjangoflowDeepLinkRepositoryBase` : This is an abstract class for a repository of deep links in a DjangoFlow application. The class is generic and takes a type parameter "T" which represents the type of the deep links. The class has two methods, `getLinkStream()` which returns a stream of deep links of type T and `getIntialLink()` which returns a future that resolves to an initial deep link of type T or null if it doesn't exist. Classes that extend this abstract class are expected to provide the implementation for these methods.

- `DjangoflowDeepLinkCubitBase` : This is an abstract class for a Cubit (a state management architecture for Flutter) that handles deep links. The class is generic and takes a type parameter "T" which represents the type of the deep links. The class extends the Cubit class and takes the initial state as a parameter in its constructor. It also takes a field repository of type `DjangoflowDeepLinkRepositoryBase<T>` which is an abstract class for the repository of deep links.
  The class has two methods:
  `startListening()`: This method starts listening to the stream of deep links returned by the repository's getLinkStream() method, and whenever there's a new deep link, it emits the new state.

  `close()`: This method is an override of the Cubit class's close() method, it cancels the stream subscription and calls the super method to close the cubit.

  This cubit is intended to be extended by concrete classes to provide the implementation of the initialState and the repository fields.

## Getting started

Install it via [pub.dev](https://pub.dev/packages/djangoflow_deep_link_interface/install)

## Usage

Extend the classes to implement concrete classes for implementing deep-link extraction and listening.

```dart
class SomeDeepLinkCubit extends DjangoflowDeepLinkCubitBase { ....
```
